0.3.0 (#9)
packit-service/packit.dev: content/posts/packit-030.md

---
title: "Packit 0.3.0"
date: 2019-04-10
draft: true
---

> In [previous post](https://packit.dev/posts/packit-020/) we promised to release a new release every 2 weeks and we are already breaking that as it's been 3 weeks since then.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the [previous post](https://packit.dev/posts/packit-020/) we promised to provide a new release every 2 weeks and we are already breaking that as it's been 3 weeks since then. The reason is that we wanted to add the full source-git support into 0.3.0.
```

Reviewer 2: Sadly, I forgot to add the `--upstream-revision` option to CLI, so it's only in the PackitAPI. That means we do not have full source-git support in 0.3.0. Sorry about that.

Now the good news. [0.3.0](https://github.com/packit-service/packit/releases/tag/0.3.0), the new packit version, brings many new features and improvements.
You can find a complete list in the [changelog](https://github.com/packit-service/packit/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#030).
<!--more-->

## Features

> * Packit supports [Source-git](https://packit.dev/source-git/).

Reviewer 2: I would leave that to 0.4.0 to be sure it works well. (I'll send some fixes and tests for that.)

> * You can now specify your own actions to replace default packit behavior.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* You can now specify your own hooks or actions to replace default packit behaviour. (More information can be found [in the documentation](https://github.com/packit-service/packit/blob/master/docs/actions.md)).
```

---
title: "Packit 0.3.0"
date: 2019-04-11
draft: false
---

In the [previous post](https://packit.dev/posts/packit-020/) we promised to provide a new release every 2 weeks and we are already breaking that as it's been 3 weeks since then.
The reason is that we wanted to add the full source-git support into 0.3.0.

Now the good news. [0.3.0](https://github.com/packit-service/packit/releases/tag/0.3.0), the new packit version, brings many new features and improvements.
You can find a complete list in the [changelog](https://github.com/packit-service/packit/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#030).
<!--more-->

## Features

> * Packit supports [Source-git](https://packit.dev/source-git/). Sadly, we forgot to add the `--upstream-revision` option to CLI, so it's only in the `PackitAPI`. That means we actually do not have full source-git support in 0.3.0. It will be fixed either in `0.3.1` or `0.4.0`.

Reviewer 3: You mentioned `--upstream-revision` but I don't see any reference or explanation, what does it mean?

Reviewer: I rewrote that: saying that we forgot to do something is not very diplomatic.

Author: Muchas gracias Tomas!

* You can now specify your own hooks or actions to replace default packit behaviour. (More information can be found [in the documentation](https://github.com/packit-service/packit/blob/master/docs/actions.md)).
* Packit supports pagure.io-based upstream projects.

> * Packit {propose-update, sync-from-downstream} supports copying directories.

Reviewer 3: If you don't mind, I would add there a link to the example like:
[copying definition](https://github.com/packit-service/packit/blob/master/docs/configuration.md#minimal-sample-config)
